{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang9 Chad Ramsour\par
\b0\fs22 330.275.4566   ramsourchad@gmail.com\par
\b Summary\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Dedicated and diligent General Manager with 15+ years of experience in successfully launching & managing new branch operations, leading service & parts departments, and ensuring inventory accuracy. Proven expertise in branch management, employee onboarding, and contractor supervision. Excellent at driving operational efficiency, meeting & exceeding performance metrics, and communicating effectively.\par
Work Experience-\par
\b General Manager\par
Equipment Share\par
\b0 October 2024 - Present\par
Successfully launch & operate new branch by managing all aspects of staff onboarding & scheduling for 15 employees and coordinating recruitment processes, ensuring smooth operations from day one.  Acquire varied fleet of rental equipment worth approximately $40M by conducting detailed market research and implementing robust maintenance & scheduling systems, enhancing fleet utilization\par
 Responsibilities include, employee onboarding, payroll, scheduling and management. Supervising general contractors for interior and exterior remodel of new site. Procuring new equipment and vehicles to cover market demand. This includes various aerial equipment, mobile work platforms, scissor lifts and telehandlers etc. Equipment share also provides vehicles, full size pickups, water trucks side by sides and similar. They also rent heavy construction equipment IE excavators, bulldozers, skid loaders and skid steers mobile cranes and all the associated attachments. (This does not cover all of the equipment, just a sample) This position also includes overseeing the service department and parts department to ensure work orders and inspections stay on schedule. Ensuring all metrics, inventory and P&L are on point. Managing nearly 40 million dollars worth of equipment.\par
\par
\b Sales\par
AG-PRO\b0\par
Agriculture and Construction equipment\par
October 2021 to December 2023\par
 Sales and marketing of John Deere construction and agriculture equipment. A consultive approach, helping the customer find the appropriate piece of equipment and negotiating pricing and terms to fit there needs. Responsible for complete sales process, including financing, trade assessment, and delivery logistics.\par
\par
\b Rental Fleet Manager\par
BUNCE RENTALS\par
\b0 June 2019 to October 2021\par
Bunce Rental, Inc. is a full service, heavy equipment and construction rental company serving the greater Pierce County since 1946. This position also requires oversite of all equipment, excavators, loaders, tow behind generators, light plants, crane trucks, tractors, boom lifts, scissor lifts and various other pcs of heavy construction equipment. Small batch concrete plant management, including material ordering and batch ratios depending on customer needs. Bunce has multiple locations (6). This requires handling logistics and allocating equipment to ensure a seamless and efficient rental experience.\par
\par
\b Rental Fleet Manager\par
ISSAQUAH HONDA KUBOTA\par
\b0 2014 to 2019\par
IHK is the 5th largest Kubota dealer in the US, I managed the Rental Dept. This position requires management of all equipment, excavators, loaders, tractors and various other pcs of construction and agricultural equipment. Entailing the use of multiple software platforms, as well as proprietary software to locate order and facilitate a more efficient service department and minimize equipment down time. This is a multi-layer responsibility, that starts with the initial conversation with the customer, ensuring that they receive the right piece of equipment. I was also responsible for all service intervals, equip. inspection, documentation, logistics and billing. After taking over the rental dept., net profit increased three-fold in less than 5 yrs.\par
\par
\b Account Manager\par
CBEYOND\par
\b0 2013 to 2014\par
Responsible for the entire product range. Collaborate with the customer to identify network and cloud needs. Conceptually design a network solution and communicate with engineers to arrive at the final product. Oversee installation and work with customer to insure complete integration. Securing an international account with ARB Off-road, within the first 90 days of employment. This account had annual reoccurring revenue, of over 500k per year.\par
\par
Additional Experience\par
Business Sales & Support Manager\par
INTERFACE TECHNOLOGIES\par
 \par
Effectively manage and implement sales programs at the Call Center level, as well as at the national level for vendors such as AT&T, CenturyLink & Qwest. Ability to identify and act upon areas in need of improvement with precise execution. Provide sales support including technical data and operating parameters to all call center personnel, managing 27 sales agents. Direct support and assessment of entire customer experience; integral member of project teams tasked with strategy development and new product launches. Utilized extensive, highly complex technical knowledge to promote, sell / up sell products and services. Partnered with various departments, including IT and business operations, to identify and advance revenue-enhancing strategies and plans (i.e. generate more sales)\par
\b Education\b0\par
Bachelor of Science in Biology Science, Ohio State, Columbus, OH\par
\b Technical Skills\b0\par
 MS Office, ADOBE PRO, AUTOCAD, EXCEL, basic HTML, CRM platforms, Point of Rent, HBS, Salesforce\par
\b Skills-\b0\par
                General Management, Branch Management, P&L Management, Equipment Procurement, Inventory Management, Team Leadership, Employee Onboarding,  Customer Service.\par
\f1\bullet\tab Dynamic, enthusiastic Fleet management and sales professional with excellent client and support skills. An expert in technical strategies and management of multi-functional projects, poised to make exceptional contributions in a challenging and fast-paced environment.\par
\bullet\tab Fleet Management: Partner across multiple functions and disciplines to assure outstanding customer service, satisfaction and client retention. Team with Marketing, Service dept. and external vendors to ensure effective communication to support sales and revenue goals. Interact with multiple stakeholders to resolve escalated issues. Directly manage and communicate with the service and parts dept. to ensure minimal down time and cost.\par
\bullet\tab Management: Lead, train and develop a strong team to meet enterprise goals. Develop scripts for various products and services. Plan, lead and manage complex projects with cross-functional, multidisciplinary teams. Coordinate extensive technical information to ensure availability and accuracy for appropriate parties. Create training videos for scheduled maintenance, predelivery inspection and safety. (sample video below)\par
\bullet\tab Business Support: Provide support to Call Center personnel. Achieve proficiency by utilizing various expertise and their functions to assure solid product knowledge. Manage customer, vendor, and internal relationships. Focus on value-added services to maximize product offerings and sales opportunities "upsell".\par
\bullet\tab Strengths / Accomplishments: Exceptional PR and technical skills accompanied by commitment to excellence. Demonstrated ability to thrive in high-pressure environments consistent with problem-solver and triage expert. Adaptable and self-motivated, with track record of exceptional contributions for each employer throughout career.\par
\bullet\tab Technology: MS Office, ADOBE PRO, AUTOCAD, EXCEL, basic HTML, CRM platforms, Point of Rent, HBS and Salesforce.\f0\lang1033  Video production, sample video\f1\lang9  {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://youtu.be/6O6JCF2zMcQ }}{\fldrslt{https://youtu.be/6O6JCF2zMcQ\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22  \f0\par
}
 